On May 9th, 1967
11 year old Joel Hoag and his 13 year old brother, William, came home covered in mud
The brothers were 2 of 11 children
and they lived in Mark Twains hometown
Hannibal, Missouri
When their parents asked why they were so muddy
the boys explained that they were doing some cave exploring
their parents scolded them, and the next day when they wanted to go out and play
they were told they weren't allow to leave the backyard.
but sadly, boys will be boys,
and the 2 Hoag brothers left the backyard.
the brothers were last seen by firefighters heading towards a cave on the south side of Hannibal
with shovels and a flashlight
When the family didn't find the boys in the backyard, they searched the neighborhood for them
The weren't found in the neighborhood so they contacted the police
and a larger search was launched
Around the same time that the police started searching for the Hoag brothers,
the parents of another boy in Hannibal realise that he was missing
14 year old Craig Dowell was an acquaintance of the Hoag brothers
and a few witnesses thought that they saw him with the Hoags as they walked towards the cave
There were 2 problems facing the searchers.
The first was that the caves were a series of tunnels
and in the tunnels there were several deep pools of water and steep drop-offs
The second problem was thanks to nearby construction,
there was a cave-in in the area where the boys were last seen
The initial conclusion was that the boys got trapped in the tunnel after the cave-in.
Expert cave searchers and skin divers from around the country came to Hannibal and helped search for the boys for 38 days
but no trace of them has ever been found
39 years after the disappearance,
a construction project caused a new entrance to open up on the tunnel
and on one of the walls someone had painted an arrow
the families were hoping that it was a tunnel that had not been searched
the tunnel was searched
But again, there was no trace of the 3 boys
Since absolutely no trace of the boys' bodies
or any other equipment that they had with them on the day that they went missing has ever been found
it has led to some speculation that the boys aren't in the tunnels at all
and they were kidnapped instead
but again, there's no physical evidence to back up that theory either
and the whereabouts of the boys, remains a mystery
In the early 1977,
29 years old Leslie Guthrie and her husband, Tim Senior,
were living apart.
Tim Senior was living in Katonah, New York
and Leslie was living with her mother, and the couple's 2 children in nearby White Plains
although the couple was split up,
they still had amicable relationship
At 1:30 on the afternoon of February 5th, 1977
Leslie picked up her daughter Julie, who was 6
and her son, Timothy, who was 3
at their father's home
and they drove off in Leslie's 1974, green Ford Maverick that had a white roof
and that was the last time any of their family ever saw them again
in over 40 years, not even their car has been found
At first, the police thought the most logical explanation was that the car crashed into one of the lakes
that are beside the highway that leads from Katonah to White Plains
and the car is still submerged
But according to historical weather forecast,
1977 was a cold Winter in that part of New York
and the ice of the lakes would have been thick enough for a car to drive on
The next theory was that Tim Senior was responsible for their disappearance
After all, he was the last person to see them alive
The police quickly ruled him out as a suspect
and in the ensuing years he spent his life savings hiring private investigators
and personally following up on tips and possible leads
The police thought that it was possible that since their bodies
and car weren't found that they are still alive
and either chose, or were forced to disappear
Just a year after they disappeared,
a tabloid newspaper published a story about a hermit who lived in Utah, near the Arizona border,
with several wives
There was a picture of the wives, and one of the women looked like Leslie
and in the captioned it said that the woman's name was Leslie
The woman in the picture looked enough like Leslie,
that Tim Senior and a detective flew out to Utah to check out the hermit and his wives
by the time that they got there, the hermit and his wives had left the area
and no one knew where they went
Over the past 40 years
there have been several sightings of Leslie
but non of them have ever been confirmed
and there had been no sightings of the children
If they are still alive, at the time of this video
Leslie would be 69
Julie would be 46
and Timothy Jr. would be 43
On July 29th, 1965
3 men armed with guns stormed into a bank in Gothenburg, Sweden
They were dressed in women's clothes and they had blonde wigs on them
One of the robbers watched the door while the other two walked into the bank, firing wildly into the ceiling
which sent many of the employees and customers scurrying for cover
One of the customers didn't flee, and instead, he tried to wrestle the gun away from one of the robbers
and the robber ended up shooting himself in the leg
after robbing the bank, they ran to a nearby river and discarded their disguises
underneath women's clothes, they were wearing wet-suits
the plan was to jump into the water and swim to a getaway boat
but they were all arrested before making it to the boat
Later the same night in Gothenburg,
the family of 16 year old Kjell Åke Johansson became worried when he didn't come home
and, over the next several days
the families of 22 year old Gay Karlsson, and 21 year old Jan Olof Dahlsjö
also noticed that they were missing
The 3 young men were acquaintances and worked together
Months later, the authorities realised that they were all together when they went missing
They were all seen in a midnight blue, 1956 Volvo PV444 on the day of the robbery
The young men in the car, have never been found
But the story only gets weirder from there
In July 1965, Hübner Lundqvist was hitchhiking from Skåne to Lysekil
and when his parents didn't hear from him after a few weeks, they contacted the police
The last time the Lundqvist family heard from him was a postcard that was mailed form Gothenburg on July 29th
which is the same day that the 3 young men disappeared
and it was the same day as the robbery
this has led people to speculate that the 4 disappearances and the robbery are all connected
One theory is that the young men saw the robbers prepping for the heist
and the robbers killed them to keep them quiet
Another possibility is that the 3 young men were actually involved in the robbery
and chose to disappear when it went wrong
Lundqvist may have either been killed by the 6 of them
or he wasn't involved and his disappearance is a total coincidence
Or it is wholly possible that the disappearances of the 3 young men and Lundqvist
and the robbery aren't connected at all
Perhaps the 3 young men got into a car accident in a remote area
or crashed into the water, and their car just hasn't been found
Lundqvist was hitchhiking,
so it's either possible that he was in the car with them
It's also possible that Lundqvist is still alive
There are 2 people who said that they saw Lundqvist after he disappeared
but their claims have never been verified
and he has never returned home or contacted any friends or family
Sadly, the families of the 4 young men have been waiting over 50 years to find out what happend to them
but they are no closer to any answers
The Jack family of Prince George, British Columbia were young
aboriginal family that were struggling to make ends meet
On the night of August 1st, 1989
the family's patriarch, 24 year old Ronald Jack
was seen talking to a Caucasian man at a local pub
after talking for a little bit, Ronald left the pub with the man
Ronald then went home and told his wife,
26 year old Doreen
that he had got them jobs at a logging camp out of town
They were apparently great jobs that included day care
but in order to get the jobs, they had to leave that night
So they gathered up some of their belongings, and got their two sons,
9 year old Russel, and 4 year old Ryan into the car,
and then they drove off
At about 1:30 AM, Ronald called his mother and told her about the jobs
Ronald told his mother some details about the jobs
but he didn't say where the camp was located
He also said that the family would be gone for 10 days to 2 weeks
Tragically, that was the last time anyone heard from the family
After the call, they disappeared and not even their car has been found
After the family was reported missing,
the police went to their home in Prince George and it looked like the family planned to return after a short time
Next they traced the call that Ronald made to his mother
and they learned that the call was placed 30 miles away from Prince George, near Bednesti Lake
But in terms of clues, that was it, and the case quickly froze over
Nearly 7 years later, on January 28th, 1996
the Prince George police department received a call from an anonymous man
the voice was muffled and it was hard to hear
but the man said that the family was buried at the end of a ranch
after cleaning up the audio, they couldn't say for sure, but they thought that the caller said Gordie's ranch
Based on the call the police did end up searching a ranch, but there was no trace of the family
They also traced this call and it came from a home about an hour away from Prince George
On the night that the call was made there was a party happening at the house
The party guests were interviewed but they all claimed that they didn't know who made the call
Where the Jack family went missing suggests that they may have been victims of foul play
They were heading West on British Columbia, Highway 16
on a stretch of highway infamously known as the Highway of Tears
The Highway of Tears is a stretch of 450 miles of Highway 16
that runs between the cities of Prince George and Prince Rupert
Since 1969,
9 confirmed women have gone missing or were murdered while hitchhiking on Highway 16
But Highway 16 isn't the only deadly highway in that area of British Columbia
On Highways 5 and 97,
there are another 9 confirmed missing or murdered women
However, many people think that the number of victims is actually much higher than that
quite possibly in the 40s
and that includes the Jacks
Many of the victims are aboriginal women
and for years neither of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police
nor the Canadian government put a lot of effort into solving these cases
For example, Stephen Harper
who was Canada's prime minister from February 2006 to November 2015
continuously rejected pleas for an inquest into the missing and murdered women
When Harper was asked to doing an inquest into the missing and murdered aboriginal women,
in the run up to the 2015 election,
he said,
"Um it, it isn’t really high on our radar, to be honest.
You know, our ministers will continue to dialogue,
ah,
with,
those who are concerned about this."
Despite indifference from the government,
in 2012,
the RCMP announced that they have a suspect for some of the Highway of Tears murders
and he was quite possibly the person who is responsible for the disappearance of the Jacks
His name was Bobby Jack Fowler and he was a transient who traveled extensively through the United States and Canada for over 40 years
In 2002, the RCMP announced that Fowler's DNA had been linked to one of the cold cases from 1974
16 year old Colleen MacMillen was last seen hitchhiking on Highway 97 in August 1974
and her body was found a month later
Unfortunately, by the time the police learned that Fowler was MacMillen's killer, he had been dead for 6 years
He died in prison in 2006 while serving the 10th year of a 16 year sentence for raping a woman he met at a bar
The question is,
was Fowler the man who was seen talking to Ronald Jack on the night that he disappeared?
That question may never be answered with certainty
because it's unclear where Fowler was in 1989
and the police are still trying to piece together his past
Fowler would move from town to town,
sometimes staying no more than a day
He lived in rundown motels and made money by doing odd jobs
The police in Canada and The United States
think it's possible that Fowler is responsible for over 20 murders
That being said,
it's not possible that Fowler is responsible for all the Highway of Tears murders,
because at least 3 happened after 1996
which is when he was incarcerated for rape
Meaning there is at least one other killer who used the interior of British Columbia as their hunting grounds
and they are still possibly free today
On the morning of July 2nd, 1966
21 year old Ann Miller picked up her two friends,
19 year old Patricia Blough
and 19 year old Renee Bruhl
at their Chicago area homes
Bruhl and Blough were friends from high school
and they met Miller because the women all boarded their horses at the same stable
They were heading to the beach at the Indiana dunes
which is about an hour's drive from Chicago
and is on the shores of lake Michigan
The women arrived at the beach at about 10 AM
and since it was a hot day,
and it was the Saturday of a long weekend,
the beach was very busy
Many hours later, as the sun started to set
the young couple on the beach flagged down a park ranger
The couple told the ranger that they saw three young women go into the water at about noon
and while in the water, they talked to a man on a boat
Another set of witnesses described the man as well tanned
in his early 20s with dark wavy hair
The boat had three hulls,
an airborne motor,
and it was about 16 - 18 feet long
and it was white with a blue interior
The three women boarded the boat but they didn't return
and their belongings were still lying on the beach
On the blanket were the women's purses, shoes, and clothes
The ranger gathered up the belongings and took it to the rangers office where they were forgotten about
because it was a busy long weekend
2 days later,
the rangers office got a call from Renee Bruhl's father and he sounded panicked
The ranger checked the belongings
and found the set of car keys that belonged to a car that was in the parking lot that had not moved since Saturday
The ranger called the Chicago police and found out that the car belonged to Ann Miller
He also learned that Miller and her two friends had been reported missing 2 days earlier
Searches were conducted on both land and the waters of lake Michigan
but at this point, the young women had been missing for 48 hours
During those 48 hours,
thousands of people visited the beach
so finding any possible clue at the scene of their disappearance was impossible
At first, the police and the rangers thought that the boat that the women were on sank
Not far from where they were last seen,
searchers found pieces of what they believed to be seats of a boat
some oil in gas cans,
and also a piece of wood
but it was hard to tell how long the debris from the boat had been in the water
the coast guard had no records of a boat going missing that day
also, two of the women were very strong swimmers
so the police don't think that they drowned
The next theory is that the women wanted to disappear
Out of the three women
only Renee Bruhl was married
In her purse that was found on the beach was a letter addressed to her husband of 15 months
Bruhl wrote that she was leaving him because he spent too much time working on his cars
and hung out with his friends too much
the letter was dated two weeks before she disappeared
and it is unclear why she never gave it to her husband
the husband was interviewed and he said that he had no idea that she was unhappy
Bruhl's family thinks that she may have written the letter in a fit of anger then decided not to give it to her husband
She may have even forgotten that it was in her purse
The police concluded that all three women had personal problems
but nothing serious enough to fake their death over
If the three women didn't drown, and didn't chose to disappear, they may have met with foul play
If they did meet with foul play, then there are two very different sets of suspects
The first set of suspects are a pair of abortionists
Just before the three women disappeared, Miller told friends that she was three months pregnant
Patricia Blough may have also been pregnant
at the time, abortion was illegal in Illinois
so it's possible the women went to Indiana to meet a husband and wife team
named Helen and Frank Largo to perform black market abortions
On the day that the women went missing,
the nephew of the Largos was at the same beach,
and he matched the description of the man seen on the boat
The theory is that the nephew picked up the girls at the beach
and then took them to a house boat where the Largos performed the abortions
They think that something went wrong
and all three women were killed to ensure that they would stay quiet
and that their bodies were dumped in the river
This is only speculation and there is no evidence implicating the Largos in the murder of the three women
The second theory of who may have killed the three women
is based on the stable where the women kept their horses
4 months before she disappeared,
friends and family of  Patricia Blough noticed injury on her face which could have been caused by a fist
When she was asked about the injury,
she said she was having some problems with some syndicate people
How this is linked to the stable is that the stable was owned by a man named George Jayne
His maternal half brother was a rival horse breeder and a stable owner named Silas Jayne
who went by Si
Si thought of himself as a businessman,
but he was actually more of a psychotic gangster
than a businessman
Specifically he was the head of a criminal network called the Horse Syndicate
The criminal network consisted of riders,
trainers, owners, and veterinarians
who developed plans to kill horses
to collect insurance money
Si hated George because in 1961,
one of George's horses beat one of his in a competition
After the lost, Si swore that he would kill his half brother
In June 1965, George asked a riding instructor named Cherie Rude to run an errand for him and to take his car
When Rude started the car, a car bomb exploded and she was killed instantly
The police knew that Si planted the bomb but they couldn't prove it
Since the bomb was planted at the stables
where Miller, Bruhl, and Blough boarded their horses,
the theory is that one or all three women saw something that they shouldn't have
and they were killed to silence them
Besides trying to kill his brother,
Si did have a reputation for violence, and he has been linked to some of Chicago's most notorious crimes
Si's criminal history dates back to when he was just 17 years old
He was convicted of rape and sent to a state reformatory for a year
The first major crime that he was connected to as an adult was the murder of 14 year old Robert Peterson,
and two brothers, 13 year old John, and 11 year old Anton Schuessler
On October 16th, 1955
the boys went to downtown Chicago to see a movie and they didn't return home
Their nude bodies were found 2 days later
They had been severely beaten and strangled
While the case wouldn't be solved until 1994,
what happened was that the boys were hitchhiking
and they were picked up by a horse trainer named Kenneth Hansen
Hansen took the three boys to Si's stable
where he was an employee
Once at the farm, he killed all three boys
and then Si apparently waked in on the murders
Si was worried that the scandal would ruin his reputation
so he helped Hansen dump the bodies
Then, 8 months later, the stable where the murders took place just happen to catch fire
It's believed that Si ordered the fire to be started
to destroy any evidence of the murders
and for the insurance money
Then, over the next 10 years,
Si continued to threaten and harass his half brother
He also hired several people to kill him
In 1966
One of the men who Si asked to kill his half brother
went to the police but when it came time to testify against him in court,
the man said that he had amnesia
the man was sent to jail for 30 days for contempt and Si was acquitted
Obviously, George was nervous and feared for his own life so he had a tracker placed on Si's car
On January 19th, 1969
George had 28 year old Frank Michelle
who was the son of one of his employees
go to Si's house and change the battery on the tracker
Hours later, Michelle would be dead
According to Si, he was watching TV when someone rang the doorbell
He grabbed a gun and asked who was at the door
Si said the man fired three shots into the door
so he fired back.
Si then went upstairs, grabbed two more guns including an M1 rifle and continued to fire at Michelle from the second floor as he was trying to flee
Si then walked outside and found Michelle bleeding to death
From 8 feet away, he fired his rifle twice killing the already dying man
The shooting was ruled self defense and Silas was never charged
On October 28, 1970
Si finally managed to kill his half brother George
As George was playing cards in his home with his family on his son's 16th birthday,
a bullet fired by a hitman hired by Si came through a window
and he was fatally wounded
Si was arrested, and in 1973 he was only convicted of conspiracy to commit murder
and not the murder itself
He was given a sentence of 6 - 20 years in prison
and he served under 7 years
Si was released from prison in 1979
and he died from leukemia on July 13th 1987
After Si was dead and there were no longer the fear of appraisals,
witnesses started to come forward about crimes that Si and the syndicate were responsible for
One crime that tied all the syndicate crimes together
is one that they might not have committed
That's the case of 65 year old candy heiress Helen Brach
who was last seen alive on February 17th, 1977
leaving the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota
Jack Matlick who worked as her chauffeur and houseman
claims that she was home for a few days and then he drove her to the airport so she could go to Florida
He didn't report her missing for two weeks
and during that time he had two rooms repainted in Brach's home
and the carpet in one of the rooms was replaced
He took two polygraph tests about her whereabouts and he failed both of them
He also admitted he got into a fight with her before she disappeared and that he stole money from her
What's interesting is that the investigation led to a second suspect,
a gigolo and a horse seller named Richard Bailey
Bailey's business partner in the horse business was Si's nephew
Frank Jayne
Bailey had been dating Brach at the time of her disappearance
and he was selling her horses at inflated prices
The police thought that Brach found out that Bailey was swindling her
and she was going to tell the police
The police said that Bailey arranged to have her killed
quite possibly on the orders of Si
who was in prison at the time
In 1995, Bailey pleaded guilty to 16 counts of racketeering and fraud
but he denied swindling Brach
and he swore that he didn't have her killed
Amazingly
even though Bailey wasn't charged with Brach's murder,
the judge thought that it was more probable that he committed the murder than not
so he sentenced Bailey to 30 years in prison
Bailey has been in prison ever since
and in 2017 he asked for a clemency hearing.
Matlick was never charged in conduction with the disappearance of Brach and he died in a nursing home in 2011
Investigation to Brach's disappearance have covered more of the syndicate's crimes
which includes killing horses in horrific ways for insurance money
It also led to Kenneth Hansen being charged in 1994
with the 1955 murders of Robert Peterson, and John and Anton Schuessler
During the 39 years that he spent free
it's suspected that he has abused hundreds of other boys and teenagers
He was convicted of all three murders in 1995 and he appealed the convictions
He went to trial again in 2000 and he was found guilty yet again
Hansen died in prison in 2007
Today it is unclear if Silas Jayne
or anyone else involved with the horse syndicate is responsible for the disappearances of Ann Miller,
Patricia Blough, and Renee Bruhl
and the case is currently cold